This firmware upgrade process is only for PC users with MS-DOS, Windows 3.1 and Windows 95. It should not be used with any version of Windows NT. It is highly recommended that this instruction page be printed for easier reference.

The following procedure must be used to download the firmware files. This is because the final firmware disks must be in LIF format. This procedure first downloads files to a PC and then creates a LIF format disk. Remember that all firmware files require a 1.44 MByte floppy disk (High Density). Remember that a PC cannot view the contents of a LIF format floppy. However, the 871xC family can read both LIF and MS-DOS formats.

1. Click on the "Download ....." link on this page to download the file. Store the file on your HARD disk. For example, use C:\temp as the directory and C_04_52 as the filename. 

2. Once the file has transferred, you must change to its directory and Execute the resulting self extracting ".EXE" file. This will extract the 1.4 MByte file into several smaller ones. The C_04_52.exe file is a self-extracting archive that contains several files that should now be present in your current directory. If using File Manager/Explorer, refresh the display by pressing F5 to see the newly created files.
	- C871XC_0 : Firmware file #1
	- C871XC_1 : Firmware file #2 
	- C871XC_2 : Firmware file #3 
	- C871XC_3 : Firmware file #4 
	- C871XC_4 : Firmware file #5 
	- C871XC_5 : Firmware file #6
	- C871XC_6 : Firmware file #7
	- C_04_52C : ASCII file indicating revision number 
	- LIF.EXE : LIF file system utility
	- LIFUTIL.EXE: LIF utility for initializing
	- MK_DSK_A.BAT : MS-DOS batch file to produce firmware disks using floppy drive A:
	- MK_DSK_B.BAT : MS-DOS batch file to produce firmware disks using floppy drive B: 
3. Place a disk in the computer's floppy drive. Format the disk.Execute MK_DSK_A.BAT or MK_DSK_B.BAT depending upon which floppy drive designation you are using. 
This batch file will initialize the disk to LIF format and copy the firmware files onto it. This process will take about 6 or 7 minutes and involves a fair amount of disk drive activity. 

	Note: The procedure in step 3 will not work on some computers nor on any computer running Windows NT. If this is the case, move the ".exe" file to another computer with DOS, Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 and try again. 
4. Label the disk with the firmware revision number (C.04.52). 

The disk produced is now ready to update the firmware in an 871xC RF network analyzer. Please follow the instrument's firmware update instructions in the service manual to complete this task. Essentially, all you must do is insert the firmware disk into the floppy drive and cycle the power. Follow the instructions displayed. Notes 

- The MK_DSK_x.BAT batch file will convert the floppy disk into Logical Interface Format (LIF) and then copy the appropriate firmware update files to the disks. The disk contents may be viewed using either the LIF utility provided in the MS-DOS archive, or using the analyzer. For example, to use the LIF utility with the A: drive:
	C:\temp>LIF LS A: /L 

Use the 871xC firmware upgrade with any 8711C, 8712C, 8713C, 8714C, or 8730A RF network analyzer. When downloading the software, follow the on-screen instructions! 